[FLINK-32581][docs] Add docs for atomic CTAS and RTAS (#23116)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/dev/table/sourcesSinks.md

        and consuming them to achieve the purpose of row(s) update.
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>{{< gh_link file="flink-table/flink-table-common/src/main/java/org/apache/flink/table/connector/sink/abilities/SupportsStaging.java" name="SupportsStaging" >}}</td>

>         <td>Enables to supports atomic semantic for CTAS or RTAS in a <code>DynamicTableSink</code>. The table sink is responsible for return `StagedTable` object that provide atomic semantics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Enables to support atomic semantic for CTAS(CREATE TABLE AS) or RTAS([CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE AS SELECT) in a <code>DynamicTableSink</code>. The table sink is responsible for returning <code>StagedTable</code> object that provide atomic semantics.
```
